 We agree that this is what we have at the moment. We place a word in this order. And under the motorbuel business in the world, in this order we look at the world through the eyes of small and medium-sized enterprises. Family business where small or large are the engine of innovation and the guarantee of social stability of world in this order presents companies with digital enormous challenges. This is exactly what I would like to tackle together with you, the challenges companies used to have in these days. So what is changing and what is bothering people for sure in business today? We are all faced with the task of shaping the future. There will be significantly different from the past. I mean, this is what we see. We have situations like war. We have situations like artificial intentions. We have situations. Companies are faced with situations that you, as the young, the new employees, you have a total different opinion of how you would like to work and how you would like to be integrated in the company that maybe 10 years back. So the shift and the challenge in the organization are significant. And I would like to touch base on a number of these challenges. In short, in brief about myself, my name is Nicholas Pruger. I have experienced set of 47 years in business, mainly in measurement and technology and process automation. I work 35 years. I mean, that's something you most probably cannot understand. This is working 35 years. And there's no house. And there's no house. There's a family business. I will bring you a big closer to that company. And if you ask me, how can you work 35 years in the same company? I mean, this can work. And why is it working, first of all, if the company is a good company and is growing in stability and growing significantly, you grow with the company? And since the company is an international company, it actually has its ups and downs overload of work. In each and every job, you have the feeling it's a new start. So when I started, it's the young product manager. Hey, great. Yeah, product engineer. Then I became a leader. Then I became a sales manager. In another self-in-elaboration. Then I became marketing director in Anderson House locally. And at the end, the last 14 years, I was a part of my own sales and marketing in the organization. So each and every step was a time for the new start. That's what keeps you and sells you in the organization that was at least, in my case, that. Today, I stopped working. I stopped my active work two and a half years back. For family reasons, I have relatively young family. You see here my two children's, my two boys. The other one is now 19. The other is 13. And I want to dedicate my time, most of my time, not to family. Because I sacrificed so much of my life and my time, actually, for the business, which was a great business, I loved what I do. But you come to a certain point where you have to make a decision to say what is not more important. And that's OK. I stopped earlier and I dedicate my time to my wife and my sons. And they do a lot of crazy things, such as insiders. Because I promised my boys, if I had home, they would do things you would never forget. And you most probably won't do an X20 years, because they don't have the money. So that's how it is. There are a number of engagements that I never said under the investment of the English and other groups. I gave the investigators here on the public street of pet spines and the same in Iraq on the Battle of Oshulu. In Iraq, so it's a similar concept to what you have here. And then I have two NGO activities. And the president of Contiva, this is a nonprofit organization in Basel, which is very much to do how to bring money where people back to work. This is quite a nice interesting organization. And I'm more a member of community foundation in the village. I live where we go for social engagement and social investments in the city or in the village in order to improve the living surrounding for the people. So that's what I do. And let me come to the structure the morning. So the structure is following. After a short start and a short introduction, I do a very brief intro to Anderson Hauser. I think Michael, he sent him a theory up front to you. And then we go into a little brainstorming together. And about the management challenges. So you see there is quite some work to do for you. So introduction to the workshops. So we have four workshops in parallel and complicated with or in details. You present then the result of your little learning group. And I present then as a kind of a middle-rank presentation how the company in practice has managed that case. So you manage the case and bring your opinion to the paper so to say and I go into a million presentation and show you how practice looks like in that case. And so this is a good combination. Then we go into a short summary and a fifth-day comment. That's for this. And we close 12 o'clock shop. 12, yeah. What is it? OK. Good. All right. Questions to that? Not the case. Hello, good morning. Yeah. This brings me to the topic agile management. I mean, when I say the beginning, the world is in this order. You can imagine that the agility and organization has to bring to the table in order to manage this change in situations. Is it totally different? Is it totally different one than maybe in the past? So therefore, agile management practice are based on a set of principles and methodologies that aim to promote flexibility, collaboration, and continuous improvement in organization. This sounds very simple. This sounds very easy, but believe me, it is a bloody complex. And the most of the companies, at least for my experience, point of view, they do not have this agility. But take a look at companies that are very successful in over years. And they get into a kind of complacency, a convenient area. I said, why should I change? There is no need for me to change. Because we survived the last crisis as easily. Why should we not survive the next one? But I can tell you this is over. I mean, a company who is thinking that way, even if the company is at the peak of its success, the end is inside. This is very, very important. I mean, you are young. You are still in the beginning of most of you in the beginning of your job. And I just can say, from an experience point of view, if you have courses with that mindset, stand up and challenge them. Don't accept. If you challenge, pursue your risk of the job. But you also can open an opportunity to move. So stand up. Be bold. And say, hey, I have an idea. And don't accept this. I mean, complacency is not a good model. Not at all. Can you mind if I say I take you on the LinkedIn? So all my balls to see this. Or here just go fuck up. No, no, it's just funny. Because I once worked for a boss and I was trying to establish knowledge base. No, we can't do this. We were working on this for everybody who would be an advantageant official. Thank you, you're welcome. And this is a memory in your room. I'm a child. No, no, I challenge him. And then later on, I had to be the component. I have to do certain circumstances. I mean, OK, what I do is not black and white, and I mean, the truth is in between. The shouldn't have done one thing. Remember, or don't give up. Don't step back. I mean, what you did, this was the right thing. But at the end, for sure. I mean, you have been a victim there for the past days. It just makes you. This is not good. I don't get wrong. But you do. I can tell you in your next position, in your next shop, you are told different methods and encounters with this. It's not easier. Not easy for sure. But I think I come to that, you will see. So agility, and I mean, I bring it to some elements. And my personal experience is when we say, what is the essence of a child management? A dear ladies and gentlemen, on point number one, also this sounds good to see through. And you may say, they are customer orientation. Customer orientation is the most crucial point. I mean, if you have a problem today and you're cold on the balcony, and then you get into this telephone loop, and you're on crazy, is this customer orientation? Hours. And nobody cares. And I mean, this is some sort of an additional household. And as long as the company I was working for, is a customer-centric organization. Where we always, we always stress that point. I, as a board member, in say it, I always stress that point, say, hey, without the customer, this company won't exist. Here, simply. I mean, if you know the customer, the customer is moving on and is buying somewhere else. So customer focus in operation is absolutely key. Then for sure, you have iterative and incremental developments. So that's the way how we work together. Flexibility, adaptability, you will come to that. Self-organization, transparency in communication, and communication is equally important to customer orientation. Communication is underestimated by many people, particularly management. They think, yeah, I communicated enough. The people they know what is going on. No, they don't. They don't. I mean, if you feel in your role, I communicated enough. Say to yourself, no, they have to do even a bit more. I mean, communication to bring everybody on the same page, particularly in critical situations when the company actually is challenged, is absolutely crucial that each and every and real understands what's on the limit and what's next. And as a manager, you should never underestimate the power of communication. Very, very important. Short delivery cycles, value orientation and the prosciutto set of tools today to manage in a concept of activity management. I give you something, some of those. I mean, if you see this graph, this graph is pretty annoying. That's exactly what happens in these days at the number of crises and disruptions in the economy, whatever reason has increased significant, you see, in January 430,000 of noise interruptions in the market. I mean, it became from a relatively smooth time in the millennium. The first 10 years, it was OK that the financial crisis has started in, in the year 2829. Then the oil crisis came, or the energy crisis came, and now for sure, war. The Trump situation, all these kinds of things, I mean, it's crazy. The good thing is, you can say, today, people often speak of support for the public crisis. So the simultaneously of the occurrence on different things that happened in the market. What I can say is, since this has started to increase in many companies, it became better. Because it got used to manage that. I mean, for me, as a manager, I was already waiting for the next one, because I knew that something would happen. And you can prepare your organization in a better way, and which makes it maybe a little bit easier, but anyway, it's tough. Right. I mean, you see here examples of companies living and working in complacency. Some of the names you may have never used, many of the names you know. I mean, other companies sticking into the patterns of the past. That's exactly what I said at the beginning, and sliding into an insolvency as a result. You see, Polar, Nokia, MacBerry, how can we go with Lehman Brothers in the financial crisis in 2008, 2009? So that means they went to pay it. What was the result? How many was gone? So again, complacency, sitting and waiting until it gets better and not acting in accordance is not good. So that was just a little intro. And I would like to learn a little bit about you. So if you could say in two, three sentences, I start here on the left side. It is your own gentleman. What is your name? The course. The employer you're working for. And what is your expectation to the next three hours? I'm Francesco Pizzuto. Like the master. A master in business. And I'm learning the course. First of all, it's OK. Sorry. You should know who you are here. Yeah. I know I'm kidding. It's my first semester, sorry. Always. It's nice to live here. I'm not a work and personal expectation on this side. I'm here to learn as soon as possible as much as possible. OK. So I'm Giovanni Zeringola. I'm also studying in the business information system master. And I'm a double degree student. So I'm coming from an IT background. So my expectations are to just trying to also get the business side of that I haven't learned so far. And I'm not working as well. OK. I'm at Wapogano. I'm enrolled in the business information system course. I'm a double degree student from Italy. I'm currently a full-time student from the working. And I expect to start learning a little bit in your mindset. My mindset. OK. I hope I can sharpen your mindset quite a bit with my ideas. OK. Now I'm very good. Hello, everybody. I am Naina. And I'm enrolled in the course of information systems. And I'm a full-time student. I work in a function compliance with master. And my expectations for the sessions are people with long experience. And I have always inspired me. And I always want to develop OK. How did they get there with vegetation? Yeah. How did they get there? And just their story, their experience, that inspires me. Thank you. My name is Adrienne. I'm a full-time student. So I'm also a business information system. And my expectation is that I'm set to my mindset and also know the young spirit. And I'm going to have some features. I'm responsible every time I'm going to grow up and feel and achieve great success at the time. Thanks. Hi, I'm Eric. I'm also a student here at the same office in the remote village. Part-life, I was a contractor of software engineer for the factory, the production center of the building of the Baza. It's my country right now, I'm employed. And yeah, this portion appears to be a work stories from business. And you can see what works actually and how it works in the building. Thank you. Hi, good morning, guys. My name is Sergio Arsultos. I'm also a business information system. I'm good to work with this 90 project manager at all. Or a data compliance and 90-hundred. And I signed a lot of entrepreneurship here. I have my own company in New serve. And I do group classes for specific sports and STEMs. And yeah, my expectations today is just so whatever. It seems like I have some purpose in my life and my friends' inspiration. I'll be taking notes. So yeah, get ready for some questions. I'm going to talk to you about what is in here. Do you need one? I work at the nonprofit group in New York, New York. That's my expectation of getting my phone to students and people who provide for the study of community. OK. My name is Sergio. I've got a software engineer in Cix, in Chile. They have a provider in the financial software for online and my expectations to learn from others' experience. Hi, everybody. I'm Nis. I'm from the Public Library, National University of S. I've actually worked at the major in the development of the program for one year. In the global development division, we can develop a department. Well, where can we provide that? In the online class, we are working for the field in Brussels. My personal expectation is to see a general of everything about, and I was not ready to make more. So I missed some things. I mean, my session is not about the members in all of this, huh? In particular. Yeah, never a group. How are you? Good morning, everyone. I'm here. I'm also at the Oxford in the Phoenix. And I work in the program over in the Baroque. And my personal expectation today are to know whether from your experience maybe it's a big takes for the future. Hello, my name is Tomála Laj. I also live in the Monster in the US. I work as a church manager for the art thesis model. So I know a lot of companies, but I decide to see how other persons or other people go further on how the company will move up and do and how they will do it. The innovative organization you see the money is made active from sensors, and used in process automation equipment. I mean, you have chemical processes that represent the vessel, your high temperature, high pressures, and the sensors to control this high pressure, this high temperature, in these processes. You have to manage the water quality in a drinking water plant, or you have to measure the inlet and the outlet of the wastewater plant, actually all this kind of things, is managed by Amazon houses equipment. The company is a 3.7 billion organization, so this is not small. So this is a lot of big, in the meanwhile, with almost 7,000 employees. So if you look for a job, you three, and you can apply if you have a desire for process automation. In Amazon houses, I have a lot of equipment for new blood and fresh blood and new people. The good thing is you see the equity ratio, which by 55%, makes the company pretty independent from banks. So that means there is no need actually to borrow money from the banks for investments. They can do their investments. Most of the investments out of their own. The growth in 2024, what's called 11%, which is a very good growth in these days. And you see, journal or web source, profit, net profit is in the very good health ratio. So the family itself is pretty modest. So that means from this net, clearly, they just take about 70% out of the rest remains in the capital. So this is a pretty modest model, which is good. This has the organization to show the growth and to enjoy it to the future. In 2023, they had 750 new employees. And you see, we have more than 500 possibilities, no, not bringing for them. Well, Chinese. Better, better, better, better, say, you see, I'm talking about this. I was the business, I'm start seeking. But this was never that before. In 2012, nations. And so the company is well balanced, we can say. And more importantly, it comes to the innovation power. We have 1,300 people working in R&D. So this is a lot. So that means all the product enters a house and is offering to its customers are coming from within. So this is very important, $270 million, really mastered into R&D. And R&D is 7.2% of the net sales. And more importantly here is the IP. And the intellectual property, 8,900 patents are claimed and recorded in this company. This every year, actually, they're working hard to make sure that they get more innovations to be taken. So that's in very brief. What Amazon House is all about, if they forget something. OK, your questions to Andrews? I mean, we come later in one of the workshops then to the family selling and the issues or the challenges of all the companies, the family issues growing, how to keep the family actually in the company and the management of the place between family and the company. I mean, that's a very important thing in a family operation. I didn't understand whether they really invest 7. Or they keep 70% of the earnings. Yeah, 17% of the net profit goes to the family. And what are they doing? And 83% gets reinvested into organization. What is the company doing with that money? They're doing it. Whatever they want. I don't care about the 17% but the 80% What are they doing? Like, what kind of earnings are they doing? OK, 83% and you say it's 268 million. What's 178 million goes into new patents? It goes into the inquiring of new technologies. And it goes a lot in new buildings, around the world. I mean, Amazon also has subsidiaries all over the world. Maybe we come later to that that's produced in America that we're used in Japan, that we're used in Brazil, that we're used in China, and in India, and so on and so forth. And this means money. And also this actually comes from this reinvestment as management. OK. Can you give some examples on how you guys are to make processes for your own development? Just one or two? No, you have a good heart to automate. I mean, so what are you talking about? So, you mentioned such a job? I mean, money times. Also, I mean, you have a lot of process parameter. You use the dimension of the net. You know, hot process, temperature, pressure, the flow. Yeah. I mean, what that's going on. And all this needs to be monitored. They're on the status system. And in order to optimize them, you have to see your case. It may be better to bring temperature a little up, so that they can make the process better, or bring better temperature down, or the pressure down, the pressure up. And this is done by a basic. And the equipment does the adjustment and the maximum oil flow to almost measure. Yeah. Of course, coming from the air. Good. All right. More questions to Anderson Hauser? I have one. Yeah, please. It's a topic for your workshop. A question about the family. As a young person of the family, they shape their career within the family business They can. All the family members within age more higher than 16, they have an open invitation into any job. OK. Not in the top leader roles. I mean, if a young chap with an age of 20, like I would like to become the CEO tomorrow, because I see I have the right to do that. No, no, no, no. I mean, there's pretty tough rules. I mean, this person has to, first of all, has to work 10 years at least. And economy is starting to take a new study. A complex study. The person has to work 10 years at least, successfully, and another company. And once this is done, then you can improve. But all in every family members, they can apply, I would say, in many of the jobs around the world, they have always a kind of open invitation. But also, they have to be better than other candidates. I mean, it's not automatically that you say, I'm a man, I'm a business card, and I would like to get your job. Because I think this is a good job for me. Now, they have to go into race. And what they have, the possibility to be so. Good. All right. Then let's go back to economy and kind of a very good perspective. I mean, I touched base already on that. Well, we have here, in the last 10 years, most probably the term new normal, quite often. Unfortunately, I have to say that the new normal is the price. I mean, this is the beginning in the meanwhile. The positive, as I mentioned, is that companies tagging that in a positive manner, they are ever prepared. They're waiting already and extra, I just know the outcome. I mean, this is the flip side on the whole thing. But the new normal is in the room, and it's changing quite a lot. I would say the way to behave. I mean, my point is that I say companies need more courage. They need more courage to take the risk. So this is the mindset you were asking for. So the mindset has to be, I take that as a challenge. It's not that I like it. But, or we're coming in. But my mindset is sharpened that way to say, yes, there are crisis around. And I know the next one will come. And let do what everybody can do to prepare ourselves as a company with my team to be prepared for whatever is on the horizon or whatever is coming. I mean, you see here, a number of sayings, the new is far accustomed to this, to what Trump is doing. This is incredible, I mean, in the negative. I mean, he is really, really, really running the world crazy. And every day, I mean, for all the Swiss people here, yesterday you hear about on pharmaceutical products as the tax now in the discussion of 100%. It's unbelievable. So that means all pharmaceutical products coming into the US, not producing America, produce elsewhere, they apply tax to 100%. These are new dimensions, totally new dimensions. It's from the first of all, sorry? It's from the first. It's from the first. Yeah. Good thing is, the wild is and the, the wash, they have significantly best made in America. They have the subsidiaries in America so most probably they are not affected. And I just can say each and every company in the pharmaceutical area who has invested in the past in America, they are safe or others, not. And what I want to say is, I mean, this is the disruption. This is the thing which needs the agility and we've also been taking the case later in the workshop, how to overcome such a situation in the best possible way. Then you have for sure, you have additional challenges are under price adjustments, adjustments. I mean, if you have all of a sudden a tax of 35%, what are you going to do? You'd like chest is 35%, or you'll give it all to the customer. Should the best would be you give it because it's going to the customer. When the customer is most probably pissed and it's going to competition. Yeah. I mean, this is really a dance on the rate of data what happens today in the market. And this is pretty delicate how to maneuver and how to measure and how to manage. You have to get out of the future intelligence. I mean, there's another alien in the room. And I mean, for you guys when you study Czech GPT or the MC in all these things open AI, I mean, this is a great thing. Isn't it? I mean, it makes a live easy, huh? You can do the alien sitting here by the help of that. But there's a flip side. The flip side is the job. The most probably that is what we're looking for in the next 10 years is gone because this job is done by artificial intelligence. So also this is a change. One hand got a pretty positive thing. They were like, well, I pray. History had in my mind, I saw a bird. History, nice letters. I was never able to write a letter on that quality as Czech GPT can do that. Great. But you will see, you come to that. The question is, what is the impact? The mega jobs in the future. And this needs again mindset. It needs again your agility to think about that early enough to say it is really the right thing to do to apply for this or that role in future. You can discuss that quite a bit. So what happens for sure is that openly I'm made on alphabet, Microsoft, Copilot. I mentioned that already. And all the hyperscalers like Microsoft, Microsoft, Amazon, Meta, Alphabet, actually invests in billions into it for good reasons. And the question is, where this case in you upstream in the market, like the economical boost after the 1920s or is this at the end? Also, I would say something more or less negative. What you see here for examples, Donald Trump and Eric Droskolz is feuding the eye boom significantly. And what's the issue on the long run or the mid-run consume as you suffer from higher prices? Because that's what the tax explosion will bring to American citizens. At the moment, it's nice. Other than the long run, it can be pretty scary. The new wave of investment in military infrastructure gives course for optimism. And in Europe, what's this? Yes or no? Economic uncertainty, you are the eastern partners, need counteract the kind of deindustrialization. I mean, also Switzerland. Switzerland, Switzerland economy is also substantiating now. I mean, if it was further, also Switzerland economy could potentially go into recession. It was the second quarter in the role. Actually, it's rather minor. And so there's a less interest. Then, for sure, you have China mining innovation rapidly. It still is probably with the individual deflation borders. So there's always a lot in the market ongoing, which needs to be taken into consideration. Let me come now to this question of men or machine, what I have said already. And there is quite an interesting source. I've normally seen that already. This is called a job, Future Romance. So, that's why I did all this website. And you tie in a job you're looking for. And say, hey, that's my job. I have today. I would like to see myself in the next five years. And then you tie in this job. And then they can get a destination based on current situation about how much AI is going to support all of the replace this job in a traditional way. So, I mean, that's, it's very interesting here to look into it. And I mean, you should not be too afraid. Automation cannot be beneficial, for example, and robots will give them from one of the genius work. I mean, if you go in, if you are in a job, actually, where you have tiring work, you have transactional work, you have tons of excellent statistics to manage in controlling. I mean, this routine where you actually can easily be applied in the days by artificial intelligence. But you have to think, what does that mean to me? What does it mean to us as a department? So, that means we have to see that we can create an additional value in not doing this anymore, but creating additional value in a different way. So, there is a shift, there is a move, and you see here is the example that profited in the profession of a commercial specialist 100% at the time. And then here, a computer scientist, 35%. You can say, 35% is not bad, because artificial intelligence helps me and takes away this part of the job, actually, which bothers me. But on the other hand, you see financial accountant, 100%. So, give that a thought and take this UIL, and if you plan your future and think about how AI is going to help you, or how AI also is going to replace another example in the industry is here in the form of labor. You see here artificial intelligence, robotic can also be a symbiosis between human beings and the technology. This is perhaps the main one, it's common in factory industry, in Amazon housing. Also, this is a career where it's masterful leaders, one of the most important products in Amazon housing. And you have robotic doing something, and you assume being actually working together, and in answer to say, within technology, all of these are good examples where robotic artificial intelligence gives a relief on certain jobs, and we have to be aware of that. I mean, that's what it is. What we need for sure is, and this is my strong belief, is we need people. I mean, under all this discussion of an open AI, and the JetGPT, and all of this kind of things, I want to be in a minute, you. Your jobs are going to be bought to something different, and when we talk in mindset, the important is that you have these always on top of your head, and you think, one step ahead, how your job could potentially be. We need you. The industry needs you, but the different forms, the different ways. So, traditional jobs are going to evolve to something new, new to something different. So, where's the good hand writing? On a flip chart? Ladies, most of the time they have the best handwriting. Come on, I need a volunteer. Yeah, you? So, what challenges do you think, in addition to what I was touching already, two company faces today, and maybe tomorrow, what do you think, just out of the blue? What kind of challenges? The velocity of the industry changing, or technology is changing. Speed from change. Absolutely. This is a G thing, absolutely, Infgener 분들이. Argentinian demographic. You say, a demographic is the line of hand, you mean what? What are the deep-encompassion people that? The older members, especially in Western Worlds. They are preaching completion, actually used the workforce. That's boring to navigation. Okay, foreign competition, but you have something special. I mean, for your opinion of the West, China. China, China about thousands of years ago. It's a good conversation. Really? India, for services, China, for the world. And if you have three or five thousand, say it. No, I mean, it's a piece of it. Yeah, okay. Yeah. And for the civil society? Say it again. For the support of the individual. Political, is the will to be an absolute. Like all of our, say, not all the educated people. Well, I don't know. I like that a lot of merst as of for engineering, or whatever. Yeah. So that's also, it's to the initial, I think, a bit more original. It's good. Yeah. Not for lack. Like? Like that. No, no. Ed, I see it's okay. Ed, I see it here. Negative experts. What else? It would seem to be like a difficult finding something innovative. Like creating new products, or just innovation in general. Yeah. Okay. So you mean less innovations? Yeah, I mean, I would say it's hard to present something innovative. I think it's more standardized. So. Okay. So innovation dilemma. Yeah. No. Innovation dilemma, yeah. What else? And why do many of you challenge this? Environmental challenges. You make climate. Okay. And what I'm trying to do is, say again. Try the rising price of resources. You mean natural source or only people? Natural source. Okay. So the price or the scarcity of natural sources. Yeah. Cyber security? Yeah. Cyber security? Yeah. Cyber security? Yeah. This is a very extrusion point, then. Maybe also the regulations. Regulations? Regulations, or regulations maybe? Yeah. That point was the key. Actions were constantly in the dark. Yeah. There was also some sort of insecurity. Yeah. Regulations. Good. Okay, last point. Good. Okay, last point. I personally believe it. I personally believe it. I personally believe it. I'm in terms of their consumption. I'm in terms of how they behave like a couple of years ago. And I'm in a group of behaviors in this world. So the way they buy. The way they purchase. The way they purchase. The picture services. Okay. Or if you want flexible, once you're walking it out. You're right. Yeah. Okay. So, this makes my experience and makes it kind of hard to scale the business. Yeah. And then make predictions based on everything. Okay. I would like to recommend the. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The Lane. Okay. Thank you very much. Okay. Yeah. It's a lot. And. I just would like to plan there. Once other challenges companies do have today. So we can add that. Or to see actually what has to be mentioned. Are you. And start here. Business. Yeah. And start here. And start here. Who are you going to jump into? Geographic up to you. Yeah. I mean, geographic. There's Rutge. So, to say I'm this is something your touch is alreadyаем changed, machine has been has been mentioned. What has not been mentioned, but it's. Believe me, it's a very important point. and price levels are significantly, okay, the engine leads to hyperinflation in markets. We had one situation where hyperinflation with TAE is what's Corona. In Corona, I mean, can you imagine, normally an industrial company is lifting its price maybe once a year, maybe sometimes every second. In Corona, three times. I think this was unbelievable. And now again, with the Trump situation, two times at least, and he and Kassel started in combat. And this needs agility, his needs also, a different consideration on what's happening, what the effect and the outcome will be stopped shortage. This has been mentioned with the lack of experts. Rethinking in the population, I mean, this was very much in the times of Corona, even this has a name. So it's called the Great Resignation. And what happens is with the effect that in Corona, probably is four years back, many people in the service sector, they couldn't work, restaurants, for instance, but all kinds of services. So what did they do since the fact that they have stopped their work, they start to pay for themselves, they didn't come back to what they did before. So that means they applied for something totally different. For instance, DHL, DPD, driving puzzle units to the customer all this kind of things. There was a shift in the population with many people using as a person of opportunity, not allowed to work and moving on and getting educated and to bring something else. Refugees, big challenge to many companies, multilateralism, I mean, this is what happens at the moment to receive with the Trump situation, it was more in unilateralism. DHL readiness is a point, it was not pension for you. So that means many companies, they are not yet ready. The start digitization is concerned to the next end, they should. Different generations working together is paying, this is the demographic protection of intellectual property rights, cyber crime actually has been mentioned. Reduction of dependencies, I mean also in Corona, but also now, in the time we are in with the America's situation on the Texas companies, they have to shift their supply chain. As we work in life, we are from home, trade restrictions, trading platforms to the Z for enterprises, there's many more of challenges. Companies are used to deal with, which goes beyond this, but the touch base on many important topics, essentially, as you have seen here, even that list is not coming. I mean, this list also needs to be added to the role. Good, then as a test, we make a break. We are here for one hour, and as a test, we make a break of 10 minutes, and then we align ourself to the workshops, and then we go then into the workshop details. Okay? 10 minutes. Wow. Yes, I can do it. Yeah, I'll just walk you in. I'm going to take a little bit. Okay. I'll take a little bit. No, no, no, no, no. You're back? No, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. Okay. Doctor, I'm going to put this into your room. O consum met faithfulness to you. Step-out. P小時 anti-εί, bottom up. I quit. And will power up your collections underneath. May I? OK. Mention to talk. You were working on the station to open the inventory.